If you follow just the few bullet points
that I laid out, wow, you're going to be
so much better off and you will not have
to commit staggering amounts of time.
You will just have staggering results.
[Music]
Hi, my name is John Jish. I'm a doctor
of biomedical engineering. Gives me a
unique perspective on lots of things.
It's slightly different than the
perspective of a lot of sports
performance professionals that you're
probably accustomed to seeing on
YouTube. Today, I want to talk about the
optimized CEO lifestyle. My lifestyle
specifically, it's worked for lots of
other CEOs, busy professionals around
the world, uh lawyers, doctors, long
haul truckers. If you've got something
that soaks up a lot of your time, which
is family or business, you're busy and
uh you're in demand and your time is
valuable and it needs to go a lot of
different places.
Which means training like a bodybuilder
is not in the cards for you because
bodybuilders tend to train with what I
call ridiculous levels of volume. I'm
sure they wouldn't use that word. Or
maybe they would. I actually know some
that say, "I train with ridiculous
volume." Uh, and they tend to use really
dangerous amounts of
performance-enhancing drugs. And I'm not
endorsing performance-enhancing drugs.
I'm just saying that at correct dosages,
those can be replacements for what's
supposed to be in your body if it's not.
That's like testosterone replacement
therapy. Same chemical as anabolic
steroids, same same hormone, but at a
very different level. Bodybuilders
take significant amounts of these
pharmaceuticals and uh they have to
cycle them to keep the body from
stopping the effect because that's what
the body does. It increases what's
called SHBG, sex hormone binding
globulin. Sex hormone meaning
testosterone. Testosterone's here
binding meaning it grabs a hold of
testosterone and makes it inert
which means worthless. So they have to
constantly be playing with you up and
down regulating the
level of drug they have in their system
to get the greatest adaptations. And
then on top of that some of these guys
are eating six meals a day. You can see
them waddling around with their coolers
cuz they have to have a couple meals
with them wherever they go. They are
great customers of meal prep companies
because they're eating staggering
amounts of food, very bland food all the
time. This is no way I could live.
But when I set out to
do something in fitness, now remember my
background is medical device. I
developed osteo strong. It's a medical
device. It's in 15 different countries,
300 clinics uh treating bone density. So
I was a busy professional. I travel all
over the world. Still do uh a lot less
now because osteo strong is fairly well
established. But while I was rolling it
out, I flew 200,000 miles a year. I was
in different countries all the time. How
was I going to be fit? Like ultimately I
want like what do I what do I want for
my own performance? Like I want to look
and feel and be as strong as some of the
strongest athletes in the world. That
was my goals. So okay, like going down a
bodybuilding path maybe. But as I
started to read about it, I just like
wow this is a bizarre lifestyle that I
don't think I could do long term. Now, I
started this reading in high school. And
one thing that's interesting about being
in high school is your time's pretty
much worthless. After you do something
of significance,
uh, and keep doing things of
significance, all of a sudden, your time
is in high demand. So, you can't horse
around with fitness for whatever hours
and hours per day between your meal prep
and you're taking drugs and you're
always being at the gym for hours and
hours. It's just a dumb way to spend
your life, I think. I mean, unless
you're a professional bodybuilder or an
aspiring professional bodybuilder, but
if you're not like going in that
direction, you know, if if you're the
next Dorian Yates and you know you got
the genetics for it, go for it, dude.
But
let me tell you, if you're not planning
on being the next Mr. Olympia.
Bodybuilding is a multi-dollar sport,
but you're not going to get rich doing
it. Uh, unless you're the absolute best
in the world. So, you might want to
instead try
a different approach. I have a different
approach. There are many different
approaches, but I particularly like what
I'm calling the optimized CEO lifestyle.
So, what does that encompass? Making
sure your hormones are optimized. So you
want high level of testosterone and
normalized
levels of SHBG
on an ongoing basis. You do not want
estradiol to go up significantly. So you
need your testosterone dosage to be
appropriate because if you have the
appropriate dosage and you are using
fast acting testosterone which don't
worry I know you're like what's that? in
a few years that'll be all TRT and I
will be talking about that. In fact, I'm
launching a version of fast acting
testosterone. So, that's that's going to
be so much better and it'll give you all
of the upsides and none of the downsides
of TRT as you know it. So, optimizing
hormones, that's that's a huge lever.
Uh, if you have low levels of
testosterone, you're not going to be
able to get much done from a fitness
perspective. You want to make sure that
your nutrition is optimized. What I have
been enjoying as of recently is about
every third week I do a micro dose of
GLP3
which is an appetite suppressant. So, I
take 1 milligram and for about the next
seven days, my appetite is
sort of non-existent or maybe it it's
just to the point where
I don't want to eat anything that's
not particularly
healthy. So, the only food I'm taking in
is absolutely the most optimized stuff.
So, high levels of essential amino
acids, very low levels of carbohydrates,
about 20 grams is all I have in a day.
So, where are we now? We got optimized
hormones, we have optimized nutrition,
and optimizing training, I think, is
particularly easy when you apply
variable resistance. the benefits of
variable resistance. It gives you more
collective fatigue and far more
mechanical tension which is the driver
of growth. The only established driver
of growth is mechanical tension
specifically with velocity loss. And you
get velocity loss with multiple
positions in diminishing range when you
use variable resistance. So you might
ultimately land on four workouts a week
that are 45 minutes a piece and that's
all you need for really getting to maybe
90% of the way there of what you might
have in mind. And the only reason I'm
not saying 100% is everybody has a
distorted view of what being jacked is
because of bodybuilding and because of
drugs. Don't look at bodybuilders. Look
at drug tested athletes like guys in the
NFL. They're the best. You want to know
what you can achieve to the absolute
maximum.
It's take a look at the NFL or maybe uh
MMA fighters. Yeah. You notice there's
not a lot of guys who are I mean unless
they're super tall or just super big
people that are not a lot over
220, 230. You most receivers are like
180 190 not giant people still jacked
still lean especially the the receivers
uh and not only do we know that the
chances of them taking
performance-enhancing drugs is very low.
Now I I won't say they don't because
every year a couple of them get caught.
So yeah they do but they get caught. So
they also, and this is so important,
they have to have the energy to play
their game while also building and
maintaining incredible amounts of
strength. So
that's more like a CEO's life because
you got to do your job as CEO or
responsible adult or, you know, whatever
whatever that title is. You got to have
energy to do all the other stuff. Your
life shouldn't revolve around your
biceps. So, if you follow just the few
bullet points that I laid out, wow,
you're going to be so much better off
and you will not have to commit
staggering amounts of time. You will
just have staggering results. I hope
this helps. If you think I'm wrong, tell
me in the comments. Also, more
importantly, if you think I'm right,
also tell me in the comments. Thanks. If
this video helped you, I want you to
subscribe and follow. I'm going to put
out videos on a regular basis. I think
they're going to help a whole lot of
people, especially if you're one of
those people that doesn't just instantly
grow from lifting regular weights. We've
got the answer for you.